[Swift 6]: Update installation instructions (#840)
exercism/swift: docs/INSTALLATION.md

# Installing Swift

Swift is available on macOS, Linux, and Windows.
The installation process varies depending on the operating system you are using.
Important to note with Linux support is that Swift is only (offically) supported on the following distributions:
- Ubuntu
- Debian
- RedHat
- Fedora
- Amazon Linux

If you are using a different distribution of Linux, you will have to find a way to install Swift yourself.

## Xcode (macOS)

Swift is included with Xcode, Apple's IDE for macOS and iOS development.
For the exercism track you will need to have Xcode version 16.0 or greater installed.
Xcode is available for free on the [Mac App Store][xcode].
Additional versions of Xcode (including the most recent beta) are available at [Apple's developer center][apple-developer-center].

## macOS & Linux

> For macOS and Linux, there is a Swjft installation manager called [swiftly][swiftly].

Author: typo here

It is a command line tool that allows you to install and manage multiple versions of Swift on your system.

> The command to install swiftly on macOS can be found [here][swiftly-macos], and [bere][swiftly-linux] for linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command to install swiftly on macOS can be found [here][swiftly-macos], and [here][swiftly-linux] for linux.
```

Other installation methods for macOS is [Homebrew][homebrew].

> As for Linux, you can install the Tarball from the official [Swift website][tarbell].

Reviewer: Typically you would use the OS package manager on Linux.

> As for Linux, you can install the Tarball from the official [Swift website][tarbell].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Linux, you can install using the tarball from the official [Swift website][tarball].
```

## Windows

The recommended way to install Swift on Windows is to use the [WinGet installer][winget-windows].

> But it is also possible to install Swift using the Scoop package manager or doing a manual installation, for all the options available, check the [Install Swift for Windows][swift-windows] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to install Swift using the Scoop package manager or doing a manual installation
For all options, see the [Install Swift for Windows][swift-windows] page.
```

[xcode]: https://developer.apple.com/xcode/
[apple-developer-center]: https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/
[swiftly]: https://github.com/swiftlang/swiftly
[swiftly-macos]: https://www.swift.org/install/macos/swiftly/
[swiftly-linux]: https://www.swift.org/install/linux/swiftly/
[homebrew]: https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/swift#default

> [tarbell]: https://www.swift.org/install/linux/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[tarball]: https://www.swift.org/install/linux/
```
